[CAIP-74] Update to support SIWx (#124)
ChainAgnostic/CAIPs: CAIPs/caip-74.md

---
caip: 74
title: CACAO - Chain Agnostic CApability Object
author: Sergey Ukustov (@ukstv), Haardik (@haardikk21)
discussions-to: https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/pull/74
status: Draft
type: Standard
created: 2021-11-01
updated: 2022-07-12
---

## Simple Summary
Represent a chain-agnostic Object Capability (OCAP), created using [CAIP-122](), as an [IPLD](https://ipld.io) object.

## Abstract

> In this document we define a way to present a result of [CAIP-122]() signing operation as an [IPLD](https://ipld.io)-based object capability (OCAP).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this document we define a way to record the result of [CAIP-122]() signing operation as an [IPLD](https://ipld.io)-based object capability (OCAP). This creates not just an event receipt of an authentication, but also a composable and replay-able authorization receipt for verifiable authorizations, when the message signed contains the appropriate fields. The first CACAO profile was tailored to the ethereum dapps supporting [EIP-4361][] but roughly equivalent profiles for other wallet/dapp ecosystems are being added over time.
```

Removing too many references to EIP-4361 was making it a little confusing, so I thought the abstract would be the right section to put back in the idea of "profiles" and 4361 as first instance of an abstract profiling process.

}
```

This construction allows a dApp to uniformly request a SIWx signature regardless of the user's account nature. 

### Signature Verification

> Signature signing and verification should follow the workflow as specified in the [CAIP-122]() namespaces. For example, for `eip155` chains, we reconstruct the SIWx payload as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Signature signing and verification should follow the workflow as specified in the [CAIP-122]() namespaces. For example, for `eip155` chains, we reconstruct the SIWx payload as follows, resulting in a message conformant with EIP-4361:
```

Reviewer: (just to make it more explicit and grokkable to someone reading this with little to no context)
